running out of time now line up and
let's run it home make something out for
the photo options black gold named after
Cotto off my Twitter like a better than
the old old shop his granddaddy oldest
older stop that he got the caddy I've
been gladly serving any y'all guess when
I asked deterministic pesticides and
bass confirming seem like Bernie yeah
Brandon una de este modo te puna a
trabajar dan miedo when crazy este
concentrado pray you see yourself ma'am
que no como esta de miedo pero vamos a
tener que so first action just the
prospect of packing up again and moving
when they find out you killed the
plumber I didn't kill I took him to the
hospital why'd you beat him to a pulp
he's the only plumber within a radius of
20 miles but he disrespected us that he
made you wait out honey she's hung I
survived and you know the guy was trying
to rip me off so put yourself in my
shoes I definitely wouldn't it beat him
up I mean who's gonna fix the pipes now
who's gonna rebuild the supermarket that
burned down the day we got here huh
I tried to wake myself up took a while
but I did it I heard voices in the
hallway
who's daddy your heart and he was
talking to someone can't afford to buy
suits from Brooks Brothers uh yeah you
bought children's clothes did I spend
hurry
do you have children
I don't yep
you